[Access for SaaS] Jamf Pro and Slack tutorials (#15042)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cloudflare-one/applications/configure-apps/saas-apps/slack-saas.md

---
pcx_content_type: how-to
title: Slack
weight: 10
---

# Connect to Slack through Access

This guide covers how to configure Slack in Cloudflare Zero Trust.

## Prerequisites

- Slack Business+ or Enterprise Grid plan

## 1. Create Slack App in Access

1. In [Zero Trust](https://one.dash.cloudflare.com), go to **Access** > **Applications**.

> 2. Select **SaaS**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select **Add an application** > **SaaS** > **Select**.
```

3. For **Application**, select _Slack_.
4. For the authentication protocol, select **SAML**.
5. Select **Add application**.
6. Fill in the following fields:
    - **Entity ID**: `https://slack.com`

>     - **Assertion Consumer Service URL**: `https://<yourdomain>.slack.com/sso/saml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Assertion Consumer Service URL**: `https://<YOUR_DOMAIN>.slack.com/sso/saml`
```

    - **Name ID format**: The format expected by Slack, usually _Email_
7. Copy the **SSO endpoint**, **Access Entity ID or Issuer**, and **Public key**.
8. Select **Save configuration**.
9. Configure [Access policies](/cloudflare-one/policies/access/) for the application.
10. Select **Done**.

## 2. Create a x.509 certificate

1. Paste the **Public key** in a text editor.
2. Wrap the certificate in `-----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----` and `-----END CERTIFICATE-----`.

## 3. Add a SAML SSO provider in Slack

{{<tabs labels="Business+ plan | Enterprise Grid plan">}}
{{<tab label="business+ plan" no-code="true">}}

1. In Slack, go to **Settings & administrations** > **Workspace settings** > **Authentication**.
2. Select **Configure**.

> 3. In the top right, turn **Test mode** on. Configuration changes will not apply until **Configuration** is turned on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Enable **Test mode**. Configuration changes will not apply until **Configuration** is turned on.
```

4. Fill in the following fields:
    - **SAML SSO URL**: SSO endpoint from application configuration in Cloudflare Zero Trust.
    - **Identity Provider Issuer**: Access Entity ID or Issuer from application configuration in Cloudflare Zero Trust.

>     - **Public Certificate**: Copy the entire x.509 certificate from [2. Create a x.509 certificate](#2-create-a-x.509-certificate).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Public Certificate**: Copy the entire x.509 certificate from step [2. Create a x.509 certificate](#2-create-a-x.509-certificate).
```

5. Under **Settings**, choose whether SSO is _required_, _partially required_, or _optional_ for workspace members.

> 6. (Optional) Under **Customize**, enter a Sign in Button Label.

Reviewer: Is `Sign in Button Label` an option? If so, it should be probably bold - depends on what type of action customers are supposed to do here

> 7. Test your set-up. If all works well, turn **Test** to **Configure**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Test your set-up. If all works well, change **Test mode** to **Configure mode**.
```

Reviewer: Above, you said to customers had to turn `Test mode` on. I'm assuming you're missing `mode` here as well?

{{</tab>}}

{{<tab label="enterprise grid plan" no-code="true">}}

1. In Slack, go to **Settings & administration** > **Organization settings** > **Security**.
2. Select **SSO Settings**.
3. Fill in the following fields:
    - **SAML SSO URL**: SSO endpoint from application configuration in Cloudflare Zero Trust.
    - **Identity Provider Issuer**: Access Entity ID or Issuer from application configuration in Cloudflare Zero Trust.

>     - **Public Certificate**: Copy the entire x.509 certificate from [2. Create a x.509 certificate](#2-create-a-x.509-certificate).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Public Certificate**: Copy the entire x.509 certificate from step [2. Create a x.509 certificate](#2-create-a-x.509-certificate).
```

---
pcx_content_type: how-to
title: Slack
weight: 10
---

# Connect to Slack through Access

This guide covers how to configure Slack in Cloudflare Zero Trust.

## Prerequisites

- Slack Business+ or Enterprise Grid plan

## 1. Create Slack App in Access

1. In [Zero Trust](https://one.dash.cloudflare.com), go to **Access** > **Applications**.
2. Select **SaaS**.
3. For **Application**, select _Slack_.
4. For the authentication protocol, select **SAML**.
5. Select **Add application**.
6. Fill in the following fields:
    - **Entity ID**: `https://slack.com`
    - **Assertion Consumer Service URL**: `https://<yourdomain>.slack.com/sso/saml`
    - **Name ID format**: The format expected by Slack, usually _Email_
7. Copy the **SSO endpoint**, **Access Entity ID or Issuer**, and **Public key**.
8. Select **Save configuration**.
9. Configure [Access policies](/cloudflare-one/policies/access/) for the application.
10. Select **Done**.

## 2. Create a x.509 certificate

1. Paste the **Public key** in a text editor.
2. Wrap the certificate in `-----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----` and `-----END CERTIFICATE-----`.

## 3. Add a SAML SSO provider in Slack

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

    - **Identity Provider Issuer**: Access Entity ID or Issuer from application configuration in Cloudflare Zero Trust.
    - **Public Certificate**: Copy the entire x.509 certificate from [2. Create a x.509 certificate](#2-create-a-x.509-certificate).
5. Under **Settings**, choose whether SSO is _required_, _partially required_, or _optional_ for workspace members.
6. (Optional) Under **Customize**, enter a Sign in Button Label.
7. Test your set-up. If all works well, turn **Test** to **Configure**.

{{</tab>}}

{{<tab label="Enterprise Grid plan" no-code="true">}}

1. In Slack, go to **Settings & administration** > **Organization settings** > **Security**.
2. Select **SSO Settings**.
3. Fill in the following fields:
    - **SAML SSO URL**: SSO endpoint from application configuration in Cloudflare Zero Trust.
    - **Identity Provider Issuer**: Access Entity ID or Issuer from application configuration in Cloudflare Zero Trust.
    - **Public Certificate**: Copy the entire x.509 certificate from [2. Create a x.509 certificate](#2-create-a-x.509-certificate).
4. Select **Test Configuration**.
5. If all works well, select **Turn on SSO** or **Add SSO**.

> 
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
